README.md, before:

# Wage Access Transaction Processor

## Description used to build the project

### Overview

You are tasked with creating a simplified version of a transaction processor for an earned wage access platform. This
platform allows employees in LATAM countries working for US companies to access their earned wages in real-time before
payday. The challenge involves calculating the available balance, processing requests for wage access, and handling
currency conversion rates.

### Requirements

| Input/Output:                                                                                                                                          | Data Structure                                                                                      | Functionality                                                                                                                                            | Constraints                                                                                          |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Your program should read from a provided JSON file (sample_wage_data.json) that includes employee wage data, currency rates, and wage access requests. | Employee Wage Data: Includes employee ID, total earned wages, and currency (USD or local currency). | Balance Calculation: Calculate the real-time balance of an employee's earned wages, accounting for any previous wage access requests.                    | An employee cannot access more than their available earned wages.                                    |
| Output should be a JSON file with the results of each wage access request, including approval status and remaining balance.                            | Currency Rates: Conversion rates between USD and local currencies.                                  | Request Processing: Determine if a wage access request can be approved based on the available balance and the requested amount.                          | Currency conversion rates should be applied accurately, considering the rates might fluctuate daily. |
|                                                                                                                                                        | Wage Access Requests: Includes request ID, employee ID, requested amount, and requested currency.   | Currency Conversion: If a request is made in a currency different from the earned wages, convert the requested amount using the provided currency rates. |                                                                                                      |

### Evaluation Criteria

* Correctness: The solution should accurately process all wage access requests, correctly applying balance checks and
  currency conversions.
* Code Quality: Code should be clean, well-commented, and organized. Proper error handling and validation of input data
  are expected.
* Efficiency: The solution should handle data efficiently, with consideration for time and space complexity, especially
  as the size of the dataset grows.

[Nest](https://github.com/nestjs/nest) framework TypeScript starter repository was used on this project.

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install
```

## Running the app

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Test

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```

## Documentation

The app already contains a swagger documentation for developers, you can access it by the following URL:

`http://localhost:{Configured port}/doc`

## Support

[Carlos Ismael Terreno](https://github.com/IsmaelTerreno) would be working on the issues that can be created. Thanks in
advance for taking the time to review this project.

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Kamil Myśliwiec](https://kamilmysliwiec.com)
- Website - [https://nestjs.com](https://nestjs.com/)
- Twitter - [@nestframework](https://twitter.com/nestframework)

## License

Nest is [MIT licensed](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add API annotations and default server port
Swagger API annotations were added to wages.controller.ts, providing detailed descriptions for each API endpoint. A default server port was also set in main.ts and reflected in the README. Finally, the author information was updated in the README, and additional cleanup was added to the 'loadInitialData' function in the 'Wages Service'.

README.md, after:

# Wage Access Transaction Processor

## Description used to build the project

### Overview

You are tasked with creating a simplified version of a transaction processor for an earned wage access platform. This
platform allows employees in LATAM countries working for US companies to access their earned wages in real-time before
payday. The challenge involves calculating the available balance, processing requests for wage access, and handling
currency conversion rates.

### Requirements

| Input/Output:                                                                                                                                          | Data Structure                                                                                      | Functionality                                                                                                                                            | Constraints                                                                                          |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Your program should read from a provided JSON file (sample_wage_data.json) that includes employee wage data, currency rates, and wage access requests. | Employee Wage Data: Includes employee ID, total earned wages, and currency (USD or local currency). | Balance Calculation: Calculate the real-time balance of an employee's earned wages, accounting for any previous wage access requests.                    | An employee cannot access more than their available earned wages.                                    |
| Output should be a JSON file with the results of each wage access request, including approval status and remaining balance.                            | Currency Rates: Conversion rates between USD and local currencies.                                  | Request Processing: Determine if a wage access request can be approved based on the available balance and the requested amount.                          | Currency conversion rates should be applied accurately, considering the rates might fluctuate daily. |
|                                                                                                                                                        | Wage Access Requests: Includes request ID, employee ID, requested amount, and requested currency.   | Currency Conversion: If a request is made in a currency different from the earned wages, convert the requested amount using the provided currency rates. |                                                                                                      |

### Evaluation Criteria

* Correctness: The solution should accurately process all wage access requests, correctly applying balance checks and
  currency conversions.
* Code Quality: Code should be clean, well-commented, and organized. Proper error handling and validation of input data
  are expected.
* Efficiency: The solution should handle data efficiently, with consideration for time and space complexity, especially
  as the size of the dataset grows.

[Nest](https://github.com/nestjs/nest) framework TypeScript starter repository was used on this project.

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install
```

## Running the app

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Test

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```

## Documentation

The app already contains a swagger documentation for developers, you can access it by the following
URL:`http://localhost:{Configured port}/doc`

The default port is 6030, so the URL will be `http://localhost:6030/doc` in that case.

## Support

[Carlos Ismael Terreno](https://github.com/IsmaelTerreno) would be working on the issues that can be created. Thanks in
advance for taking the time to review this project.

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Carlos Ismael Terreno](https://github.com/IsmaelTerreno)

## License

Nest is [MIT licensed](LICENSE).
